You don't have to be a jerk about it,
but the less you engage with these
people, the better workouts you will
have. And I mean, it is crystal clear
once you consciously do this, you will
notice that the amount of lackluster
workouts you have drops to almost zero.
Ultimately,
negative people really drag you down.
And just by having a conversation and
listening listen listening to them
complain it lowers your brain activity.
This is not something you want and you
need to seriously just focus on positive
people. [music]
[music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. Today I want
to talk about a fun subject. How to
unsubscribe
to people
in real life. So, you know, when a
channel annoys you on YouTube, you just
don't subscribe to it anymore. Or
somebody on Facebook, Instagram starts
posting just stuff that you're like,
"Oh, like this is like the worst take
I've ever seen." You unsubscribe. You
you unfollow. Well, sometimes you walk
down the street and the street you
choose to walk down, there's somebody
there who always wants to chat with you
and they drag you down. And there's
there's research on this subject, but I
I tend not to try and pull up references
from psychological research because
that's not my field and I don't want to
like just try and amateur or try and
uh give you my take on something that's
research that's not my field. So, I'm
going to be answering this a little more
generic way, but what you need to do is
get really good at not engaging with
negative people. So like for example, I
live in a hotel. So the uh there's
residences at the top top floor of the
hotel and uh so I walk through the lobby
all the time and there's some people I
see on a regular basis. Some people are
very positive. I always want to talk to
them. The negative ones I really try and
work my schedule so I don't run into
them. like it's not super conscious, but
it's like I know that right around 9:00
there might be somebody coming through
the lobby that always wants to talk to
me and it's just like the end of the
world and uh also you know like like end
of the world like based on their very
negative perspective. So you got to
actually get good at walking by these
people and when they say, "Oh, I'm
having a terrible day." You say, "Hey,
I'm sorry to hear it. I got to run
though." And you know, you don't have to
be a jerk about it, but the less you
engage with these people, the better
workouts you will have. And I mean, it
is crystal clear once you consciously do
this, you will notice that the amount of
lackluster workouts you have drops to
almost zero. You know, you can still get
a crummy night's sleep and have a bad
workout, but
ultimately
negative people really drag you down.
And just by having a conversation and
listening listening to them complain, it
lowers your brain activity. This is not
something you want. And you need to
seriously just focus on positive people.
Now, if you're married, this one's
important. You can't ignore your wife if
she wants to be negative, but you can
say, "Hey,
if you want me to do something
different, I need you to frame it in a
positive way." The takeaway here is that
like you need to think about everybody
you talk to and just decide
after this video. Just decide you're
going to change a bunch of names in your
phone to do not answer. I have maybe 20
names in my rolodex in my phone where
the name is do not answer. I don't even
know who they are anymore. Some of them
are ex-girlfriends. Some of them are
salespeople who would just never leave
me alone. Some of them were people who
were starting to kind of be friends, but
then it was always like end of the
world. The raincloud is always over
their head. And I just, you know, I'm
just not going to take a phone call from
somebody like that anymore. So I changed
their name to do not answer. And the
best part, when you have lots of people
that are named do not answer, when they
call, you don't know who they are. So,
it's great. You just don't answer. I
hope this helped. And uh give me some
comments, some questions. Maybe it'll
spark another video if you need any
particular help on the subject. Thanks.
See you on the next one. If this video
helped you, I want you to subscribe and
follow. I'm going to put out videos on a
regular basis. I think they're going to
help a whole lot of people, especially
if you're one of those people [music]
that doesn't just instantly grow from
lifting regular weights. We've got the
answer for you. [music]